hey guys it's like and Holly and it is
that the thing now do we have to do this
every week okay so we've got again a
couple more of the five packs um these
look pretty good I see one maybe do
forget the corn i love the corn I want
the corn toasters coffee pots no doubt
that's like the most popular one and
even this cleaner I think we've got I
wonder what are the other toaster look
did you don't know I didn't sir oh wow
wow that's i mean i think this like your
sister also comes in like a silver color
i believe uh butters blue I would have
loved to got in silver that would blow
oh ok so we're go ahead and open these
up and see you we get this week let's do
it I get to go first cuz you got to go
first laughs all right yesterday oh I
already had a list ready for all Wow Oh
camera okay off with ya start with oh oh
my gosh it's winking and it has a
mustache it is Betty boot ha that is so
ethical um I like that one I like that
one too I think we got the cowboy boot
laughs I somebody I remember a mustache
I think we got the dark one that's
probably why that color doesn't look
familiar I didn't recognize it should we
go for the onion how cute freakin veggie
veggie veggie no it's garlic rose garlic
I thought wrote an onion no let's garlic
oh no wait yeah the one with the little
green coming ups garlic like there there
is an onion but that green it come out
Oh run away so garlic garlic homies
cute now is that a common then where'd
it go where did we go my colors the dog
yeah it's common white comin white dot
Oh another coffee that is that's coffee
drip and it's definitely a common oh
yeah for sure that's like five or six
now or 20 I don't even know I was that
cleaning uh cleaning it looks like just
sewing and laundry we got this one
already too it's got the orange in it
did she liquid did Sheila yeah I think
we got okay yeah I think we got that one
already oh no I think we got it got it
already I already got it yeah yeah okay
hold on sure looks like a big one
somebody good somebody bigger I mean not
like bullying i guess that is pretty
good vicar wait which away you want some
micro yeah it's like to give it to you
if it's a micro yes you do it's not my
grave oh it's flowers that's gonna be
pantry you better see if that's rare
something that looks like it could be
rare Oh rolling pin Fifi flower uh-huh
green that's rare yep that's only rare
that's not ultra oh so there's a green
tea fee and there's a pink Fifi it's got
flour in its Hannah really good man I
like that one 50 BP flowers in lower I
don't mean to us I got my own fine be
though I I had already give you my lists
ever again don't appreciate okay this is
a good pack okay corners so we're gonna
start off with the core which is cool I
find the corn corny cob horny cop and
then the green and yellow it's rare
what's the other color variation of that
um it's a weird color it's like a teal
and Pete a bright pink so teal and
bright pink which looks nothing like
corn okay so I like that we got the corn
corn so ready to go with the Sun
look at that or that is banana splitty
and it's common and you can see right in
the yellow is the banana there's three
scoops of ice cream there is a little
waffle cone is or something that goes in
it now I want to Sunday don't want a
banana split that's a call on okay is it
a banana yeah there's a band on it amana
in there buddy worry Benny of you lady
at the end you can see the banana
coconut banana splitty so yeah okay oh
the dish cleaning liquid bingi Oh drive
to laugh at you got ya what's the same
one Holly got did she liquid in common
yes it is the toaster toaster gotta make
time oh I like I like that one that's
toasty pop and it's just a common so I'm
okay with that yeah we should be like we
got two slices in there that's so I'm
good with that I like that one I really
like that on too okay where's my mystery
three mystery oh there's an orange Oh
Kayla and it is Oh what is that no it's
P spy that looks like cheese the cheese
cake one no it looks like the pecan pie
we got Oh wonder if it is only in a
different color well that doesn't look
like pecan pie yep it's picanha pie it's
rare Oh name it something else that
looks like some berry pie or something
strawberry shortcake got on about it
looks like strawberry shortcake that's
what it looks like I'm all right I don't
know I say I'm right it's got something
using out of it is different okay so
there's this week's shopkin Saturday
opening this is hard to pass i'm
debating on two in this one and I don't
know what you for me it was 12
her for me it was 12 I like the cowboy
boot I think that's cool let's call that
one and the sunday one's kind of neat
yeah I'm sure one game but I'm gonna go
with garlic rose Laurie I'm going with
the kinky who was the corn 10 corny cob
ok I'll just say that I'm go with the
corner on the cop I really like that
one's great college because it's green
and yellow yeah so will I know from you
from you guys which one is your favorite
leave it in the comments below and
thanks for watching guys be sure to
comment rate and subscribe bye